but Nicole answers immediately breaking
back and now serves for the finals at 54
John when you interviewed Rafa this
after moments after he won the french
open final when you asking about removal
going through double he pointed right
towards this from that a surprise he's
pretty aware of tennis history and this
would be something that very very few
male players have accomplished at the
seventh man ever to win all four
but enough not one time I can reply was
he stepped in and try to take the
ceremony early it was the left without
push him around it and even if we were
able to continue into a fourth of his
second he would be broken down together
would appeal I don't get his game plan
today from the very start and had all
pushed his opponent against the ropes
and didn't let him off just get
pummeling him and Youzhny couldn't dance
away with that the center of the ring
and now we have three match going to
rafael nadal regretted past five or six
years to get to this point the Gulf
farley about you in the US open final
we've done so very very impressively
that's real acceleration from Rafael
Nadal he vomited desperately and he's
made of their 6-2 6-3
dominating on serve broken only ones
with a smile the dole goes to tomorrow's
men's championship and we'll meet either
Djokovic or Fred were there next up in
their semi-final here on Arthur escort
Mary Joe Fernandez will grab the
microphone we'll hear what Nadal has to
say about this win right after we pause
for these words and now Billie Jean King
talking tennis presented by geico this
year with